Docs updates, custom sites (#148)
NorESMhub/noresm-land-sites-platform: docs/land-sites.md

*Figure 2: Field work at Ulvehaugen (ALP1) in 2019. Ragnhild Gya and Joachim Töpper doing vegetation analysis in a 25x35cm metal frame. The small, white ([Tomst](https://tomst.com/web/en/systems/tms/tms-4/)) loggers track temperature and soil moisture, and the small weather station (wooden pole to the right) tracks additional weather data. The fence keeps sheep and other animals away from the plots, but the vegetation is semi-natural after decades or centuries of grazing. The clear, hexagonal Open-Top Chambers experimentally heat up the vegetation. Photo by E. Lieungh*

## 2. Custom sites

To create a custom site, you need 

- the site coordinates, and 
- to subset global files or to modify existing ones. 

> The easy way of subsetting data, using the NCAR-developed `subset_data` script and `user_mods` directory, requires supercomputer access. There are tutorials for the land model and NorESM that can guide you through this: [CTSM 2022 Tutorial](https://github.com/NCAR/CTSM-Tutorial-2022/blob/main/notebooks/Day2a_GenericSinglePoint.ipynb) (tailored for the Cheyenne supercomputer) and [NorESM single point tutorial](https://metos-uio.github.io/CTSM-Norway-Documentation/quick-start-single-point/)(tailored for Fram supercomputer). 

Reviewer: We should replace "supercomputer" with something like "huge storage". The latter is the main issue here.

Author: haha, will do. 
```suggestion
The easy way of subsetting data, using the NCAR-developed `subset_data` script and `user_mods` directory, requires huge storage space for the global files, e.g. on a supercomputer. There are tutorials for the land model and NorESM that can guide you through this: [CTSM 2022 Tutorial](https://github.com/NCAR/CTSM-Tutorial-2022/blob/main/notebooks/Day2a_GenericSinglePoint.ipynb) (tailored for the Cheyenne supercomputer) and [NorESM single point tutorial](https://metos-uio.github.io/CTSM-Norway-Documentation/quick-start-single-point/)(tailored for Fram supercomputer). 
```
